Here's a full example of a README file for your Python project designed to analyze article information using LLMs. It includes essential details like an overview, installation instructions, usage guidelines, and more.
Article Analyzer with LLMs

A Python-based project for analyzing and extracting insights from article metadata and content using Large Language Models (LLMs). This tool simplifies tasks like summarization, keyword extraction, sentiment analysis, and topic categorization for academic or professional articles.
Features

    Extract and analyze article metadata (title, authors, publication date, etc.).
    Generate summaries and identify key points from the text.
    Perform keyword extraction for indexing and SEO purposes.
    Conduct sentiment analysis to evaluate the tone of the article.
    Categorize articles into predefined or dynamic topics.
    Export analyzed data into various formats (CSV, JSON, etc.).

Requirements

    Python 3.8 or higher
    OpenAI API key (or any other LLM API key supported in the project)
    Basic understanding of Python for customization

Installation

    Clone the repository:

git clone https://github.com/yourusername/article-analyzer-llms.git
cd article-analyzer-llms

Create a virtual environment and activate it:

python -m venv env
source env/bin/activate  # On Windows: env\Scripts\activate

Install the dependencies:

pip install -r requirements.txt

Set up your API key for the LLM provider (e.g., OpenAI). Add it to a .env file:

    OPENAI_API_KEY=your_api_key_here

Usage

    Prepare your articles as text files in the data/ directory or provide a link to access them.

    Run the program:

    python main.py

    Choose the analysis type when prompted:
        1: Summarize Articles
        2: Extract Keywords
        3: Perform Sentiment Analysis
        4: Categorize Articles

    View the results in the terminal or exported files in the output/ directory.

Example

Here's a quick example of running a summarization task:
Input:

Article Title: The Role of Quantum Computing in Material Science
Text: Quantum computing offers new possibilities for simulating material properties...
Output:

    Summary: Quantum computing advances material science by enabling better simulations.
    Keywords: quantum computing, material science, simulations

Customization

To modify the behavior of the program, edit the config.json file for settings like:

    Default output format (CSV, JSON)
    API parameters (e.g., temperature, max tokens)
    Analysis modules to enable/disable

Limitations

    Requires an internet connection for API calls.
    Limited by the API token quota of the LLM provider.
    May require fine-tuning for domain-specific content.

Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to enhance this project:

    Fork the repository.
    Create a new branch (git checkout -b feature-branch).
    Commit your changes (git commit -m 'Add feature').
    Push to the branch (git push origin feature-branch).
    Open a pull request.

License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.
Contact

For issues or suggestions, contact Natan Moreira Regis at [natan.moreira.regis12@gmail.com].

Explore the project and start analyzing articles more effectively with LLMs!
